Without timestamps:
----------------------

In the short video, we will demonstrate speech notes the new professional speech recognition notepad for Chrome speechnotes is a free web app for dictation and text editing.
 To get started. All we have to do is go to speech notes. Co
 as you can see the design is very clean. That was our designers choice so that I users could focus on their thoughts and text without distractions this and other features such as auto save and Export options make speechnotes a great choice, even if he use it as a regular notepad without a speech recognition features.
 To start dictating. The only thing you have to do is click the mic no need to download install or even log in.
 If it's your first time Chrome will ask for permission to listen to your microphone. Click allow.
 Let's see how it works. I will click the mic and start dictating a few lines from Little Red Riding Hood.
 Little Red Riding Hood promise to obey her mother.
 the grandmother lived out in the woods,
 a half hour from the village.
 When Little Red Riding Hood enter the woods a wolf came up to her.
 She did not know what a wicked animal he was,
 and was not afraid of him.
 new line
 good day to you, Little Red Riding Hood.
 new line
 Thank You, wolf.
 That's it. Everything is automatically saved on your browser. You can download it exported to drive print or email with a single click.
 Here's an important tip for more advanced users.
 Well dictating. You can press enter to finalize buffered results.
 No that uses voice commands that are listed on the right panel there also clickable.
 Clicking a punctuation command or Mark will at the Mark right after the dictated speech even if buffered speech is still being processed.
 Speechnotes was released on October 1st 2015. And since then we've gotten great reviews. You're welcome to check our user feedback on the Chrome Store.
 Thanks for watching and we hope you find speech notes helpful and enjoyable.


With timestamps (seconds):
------------------------------

0: In the short video, we will demonstrate speech notes the new professional speech recognition notepad for Chrome speechnotes is a free web app for dictation and text editing.

13:  To get started. All we have to do is go to speech notes. Co

19:  as you can see the design is very clean. That was our designers choice so that I users could focus on their thoughts and text without distractions this and other features such as auto save and Export options make speechnotes a great choice, even if he use it as a regular notepad without a speech recognition features.

41:  To start dictating. The only thing you have to do is click the mic no need to download install or even log in.

49:  If it's your first time Chrome will ask for permission to listen to your microphone. Click allow.

57:  Let's see how it works. I will click the mic and start dictating a few lines from Little Red Riding Hood.

65:  Little Red Riding Hood promise to obey her mother.

71:  the grandmother lived out in the woods,

76:  a half hour from the village.

80:  When Little Red Riding Hood enter the woods a wolf came up to her.

87:  She did not know what a wicked animal he was,

93:  and was not afraid of him.

97:  new line

99:  good day to you, Little Red Riding Hood.

106:  new line

108:  Thank You, wolf.

115:  That's it. Everything is automatically saved on your browser. You can download it exported to drive print or email with a single click.

127:  Here's an important tip for more advanced users.

130:  Well dictating. You can press enter to finalize buffered results.

136:  No that uses voice commands that are listed on the right panel there also clickable.

142:  Clicking a punctuation command or Mark will at the Mark right after the dictated speech even if buffered speech is still being processed.

153:  Speechnotes was released on October 1st 2015. And since then we've gotten great reviews. You're welcome to check our user feedback on the Chrome Store.

163:  Thanks for watching and we hope you find speech notes helpful and enjoyable.

