In the short video, we will demonstrate speech notes the new professional speech recognition notepad for Chrome speechnotes is a free web app for dictation and text editing.
To get started. All we have to do is go to speechnotes.co
As you can see the design is very clean. That was our designers choice so that I users could focus on their thoughts and text without distractions. This and other features such as auto save and Export options make speechnotes a great choice, even if you use it as a regular notepad without its speech recognition features.
To start dictating. The only thing you have to do is click the mic no need to download install or even log in.
If it's your first time Chrome will ask for permission to listen to your microphone. Click allow.
Let's see how it works. I will click the mic and start dictating a few lines from Little Red Riding Hood.

Little Red Riding Hood promised to obey her mother.
The grandmother lived out in the woods,
a half hour from the village.
When Little Red Riding Hood entered the woods a wolf came up to her.
She did not know what a wicked animal he was, and was not afraid of him.
new line
Good day to you, Little Red Riding Hood.
new line
Thank You, wolf.

That's it. Everything is automatically saved on your browser. You can download it export it to drive print or email with a single click.
Here's an important tip for more advanced users.
While dictating, you can press enter to finalize buffered results.
Note the use of voice commands that are listed on the right panel they are also clickable.
Clicking a punctuation command or Mark will add the Mark right after the dictated speech even if buffered speech is still being processed.
Speechnotes was released on October 1st 2015. And since then we've gotten great reviews. You're welcome to check our user feedback on the Chrome Store.
Thanks for watching and we hope you find speech notes helpful and enjoyable.

--


Editing took about real time (editing while listening).
Accuracy: 334 correct words out of 345. 97% accuracy.

